Source: https://www.canva.com/policies/ai-product-terms/

These AI Product Terms are effective as of November 28, 2025. See previous versions of the AI Product Terms and other policies in our Policy Archives.



These terms apply to your use of Canva's AI-powered products and tools (AI Products). We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time.

Be a good human

Please be a good human when using AI Products and don’t use them to create any harmful content. We will not allow any use of AI Products that violates these terms or Canva's Acceptable Use Policy, and we may suspend or terminate your account if we find that you are using it in this way.



In addition to the matters listed in our Acceptable Use Policy, it is prohibited to use AI Products to:



Mislead anyone that the content generated by AI Products is human-generated;
Remove, alter, or disable any provenance or metadata tags from any AI-generated content, including but not limited to C2PA metadata;
Provide or obtain tailored advice that requires a license, such as legal, medical or financial advice without appropriate involvement of a qualified professional;
Generate spam, ransomware, keyloggers, viruses or other malicious software;
Implement fully-automated decision making that is legally binding, has significant effects or otherwise violates applicable laws.


You also agree not to attempt to bypass any safety features or content protections we’ve put in place on our AI Products or platform.

Using AI Products

You are responsible for any text you type in, or images or other content you upload, to AI Products (Input) as well as the resulting material you generate, such as images or text (Output). By using the AI Products, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights, licenses and permissions needed to use your Input. You are responsible for ensuring that your Input and Output complies with these terms and our Acceptable Use Policy before using or sharing it.



As between you and Canva, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you retain your ownership rights to your Input, and you own your Output.



Due to the nature of our technology, and artificial intelligence in general, outputs may not be unique, and other users may receive similar Outputs from our AI Products. Your ownership above does not extend to other users’ Outputs.



Your Output is considered User Content or Customer Content as defined in our Terms of Use, or your applicable subscription agreement with Canva.



You may use your Output for any lawful purpose, provided that you comply with these terms and that you accept that any such use is at your own risk.



Canva may impose limits on the number of Outputs you can create and interactions you can have with AI Products. You will be notified when you have reached the AI usage limit for your account or any AI Product. Some AI Products may not be available in all countries or languages.

Disclaimer

The Output of AI Products is generated by artificial intelligence. Canva has not verified the accuracy of the Output and it does not represent Canva’s views.



Canva makes no warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the Output, and does not accept any liability or responsibility arising in any way from your use of the Output or any omissions or errors contained in the Output. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and appropriateness of all Outputs for your use case, and we recommend that you obtain professional and independent advice before you act on any advice contained in the Output, rely on the accuracy of the Output, or use any Output in a commercial context.

Technology partners

Canva uses technology provided by third party service providers (Technology Partners) to provide some of our AI Products. You agree and acknowledge that your Input may be shared with our Technology Partners, for the specific purpose of providing you with the functionality.



Your Privacy Settings control whether Canva and our Technology Partners, may use your data to improve our AI services for everyone.



Our Privacy Policy covers how we handle your personal data, and you can also read more about Canva’s approach to AI in our Trust Centre.

Feedback

We welcome feedback on our AI Products. You can use the report button, or get in touch with our Support team to provide feedback at any time.
