Source: https://n8n.io/legal/privacy/

We are n8n GmbH (registered with number HRB 212509 B) trading as n8n.

Our registered address is:
Novalisstr. 10
10115 Berlin
Germany

If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us at privacy@n8n.io.

1. How do we use your data?
When you register for n8n cloud. When you sign up for an account with us, we collect your name and email. We collect these details to put the contract in place between us that enables you to access our platform. We use PostHog in order to better understand how people use our product and to optimize our service and experience. You can click here to learn more about PostHog. Additional data including address and credit card information will be collected by our Merchant of Record, Paddle, in order to process your payment. We do not use any personal data, including data received through any third-party services, for developing, improving, or training AI and/or ML models. We do not transfer or disclose your information to third parties for purposes other than the ones provided. You can delete your n8n cloud account via the product. You can learn more about the data we collect on cloud in our docs.

When you use/run your own n8n deployment. If you install n8n on your own server, and you opt-in, we collect your email address, and may use it to contact you about your usage of the product. If you sign up for a paid plan, we collect your name, email address, company address, and the name and email address of others in your company (e.g. a billing contact). We collect these details to put a contract in place between us. If you use our credit card billing feature, our Merchant of Record, Paddle, collects information including your address and credit card information, in order to process your payment. In addition, we collect selected, anonymous information about how n8n is used. We use this information to improve your experience with our services and to protect from potential security attacks and abuse. We do not use any personal data, including data received through any third-party services, for developing, improving, or training AI and/or ML models. We do not transfer or disclose your information to third parties for purposes other than the ones provided. You can learn more about the data we collect, and how to disable this information collection in our docs.

When you sign up for the community forum. We collect your email address or social media handle in order to assign you with an account to use our forum. You can delete your forum account by emailing us at privacy@n8n.io.

When you attend one of our events or a third party event. When you attend one of our events or a third party event, we may collect your personal information including your name, address, email address and phone number. We collect this information because it’s in our legitimate interests to know who’s attending our events and to help promote our business at third party events. Where you attend one of our events we may take pictures or videos of you. We do this as we have a legitimate interest to promote our business. You can opt out of having your photo taken in this way both when you attend our events and at any time by contacting us at privacy@n8n.io.

When you contact us. When you contact us either by email or via our website or product with general queries, we will usually collect your name and contact details, because it’s in our legitimate interest to make sure we can properly respond to your query.

On social media. When you connect with us on social media including on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn we will process your handle, name and email address under our legitimate interest to respond to your comments and queries promptly.

When you receive our news updates. We will handle your personal information (such as your name and email address) to provide you with our news updates in line with any preferences you have told us about.
When we send you our news updates because you have opted-in to receive them, we rely on your consent to contact you. If you have not opted-in and we send you our news updates emails, we do this because of our legitimate interest to promote our business.
You can unsubscribe from our updates at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails, or by emailing privacy@n8n.io.

When you register as an expert. We collect your name, email address, and details about your company in order to communicate with you about the n8n expert program.

When you register as an affiliate. We collect your name and email address in order to communicate with you about the n8n affiliate program.

Technical information when you use our website. When you consent, we collect information about how you use our website. We use this information to improve our website and to better understand how people use it. More detail on the information we collect and how we do this is set out in our cookie policy. If you have given consent to the use of cookies, we will use Google Analytics in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our service and experience. You can click here to learn more about how Google uses this data.

When you apply for a job with us. When you enter into the recruitment process with us we may collect your name, contact details, recruitment information (e.g. right to work documentation and references), qualifications, accreditations, test results (inc. psychometric and coding) and any additional information we may receive from our recruitment partners.
We will use your personal information to assess your suitability for our available roles. We do this to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering into a contract. Where we process your right to work documentation, we will do so to comply with our legal obligations.

If our business is sold. We process your personal information for this purpose because we have a legitimate interest to ensure our business can be continued by the buyer. If you object to our use of your personal information in this way, the buyer of our business may not be able to provide services to you.

2. Where is my data stored?
We store your data in the EU.

Whenever we transfer your personal information outside of the EU, we ensure it receives additional protection as required by law. To keep this privacy policy as short and easy to understand as possible, we haven’t set out the specific circumstances when each of these protection measures are used. You can contact us at privacy@n8n.io for more detail on this.

3. How long do we keep your data for?
We store your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal or reporting requirements, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data; the purposes for which we process your personal data; and the applicable legal requirements.

In some circumstances we may carefully anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, and we may use this anonymised information indefinitely without notifying you. We use this anonymised information to analyse our programmes and support other similar programmes around the world.

4. What are my rights under data protection laws?
You have various other rights under applicable data protection laws, including the right to:

access your personal data (also known as a “subject access request”)
correct incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
ask us to erase the personal data we hold about you
ask us to restrict our handling of your personal data
ask us to transfer your personal data to a third party
object to how we are using your personal data
withdraw your consent to us handling your personal data
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority, you can find which one applies to you here.

Please keep in mind that privacy law is complicated, and these rights will not always be available to you all of the time.

5. Questions, comments and more detail
Your feedback and suggestions on this notice are welcome.

More information about n8n's data privacy practices, including GDPR compliance, data processing agreements, sub-processors, data collection, and AI integration, with distinctions between n8n Cloud and self-hosted versions is here.

We’ve worked hard to create a notice that’s easy to read and clear. But if you feel that we have overlooked an important perspective or used language which you think we could improve, please let us know by email at privacy@n8n.io.

This privacy policy was last updated on the 11th of November 2024.