
Last updated: July 8th, 2025





Thank you for choosing to use Perplexity (the “Services”). At Perplexity AI, Inc. (“Perplexity”), we are committed to lawful, safe and responsible artificial intelligence development and use, which this Acceptable Use Policy (this “Policy”) is designed to promote.



Please note that this Policy is incorporated into the terms and conditions or other agreement that you have entered into with Perplexity (or an authorized third-party distributor) that governs your use of the Services.



Respect applicable law.  You must not access, deploy or use the Services to conduct or facilitate any activity that is unlawful, fraudulent, or that violates the rights of others. For example, you may not access, deploy or use the Services to:


Facilitate cybercrime or other types of crime (e.g., hacking, phishing, identity theft, or creation or distribution of malware); or plan, promote, advocate, or assist in any illegal or violent actions (e.g., terrorism, threats, or the planning of violent or criminal acts);


Compromise the privacy of others (e.g., collecting, disclosing or otherwise processing personal data without complying with applicable legal requirements);


Violate any contract or agreement to which you are a party; or



Submit any material to the Services, or use the Services to create, compile or distribute any material, without having all necessary rights, licenses, consents or permissions to do so.



Avoid high-risk activity.  You must not access, deploy or use the Services to conduct or facilitate any activity that poses a significant threat to individuals or society (whether or not it is expressly illegal in your jurisdiction). For example, you may not access, deploy or use the Services to:



Create, compile or distribute disinformation or manipulative content; harassing, hateful or defamatory content; pornographic or exploitative content; unsolicited advertising or promotional materials; or unauthorized collections of personal data;



Create content that you subsequently claim was created solely by humans, or otherwise misrepresent the provenance of information or content; or provide chatbot services without disclosing to end users that they are interacting with AI (unless it is obvious from the context);


Facilitate or engage in real money gambling, payday lending, political campaigning, lobbying, academic dishonesty or self-harm;


Provide services targeted to users under the age of 13; or medical, financial, tax, legal or other services that would typically require specialized credentials or licensing without appropriate professional oversight; 


Make automated decisions about individuals that materially impact them (e.g., decisions regarding their employment, healthcare, finances, housing or insurance) or where errors could be dangerous (e.g., decisions related to the management of critical infrastructure or safety components of products); or


Engage in any activity or practice that is prohibited or considered ‘high risk’ under the European Union’s AI Act (here) or any other similar regulations governing deployment and/or use of artificial intelligence systems of services.



Avoid technical misuse.  You must respect Perplexity and the third parties whose AI models help power the Services. This means you must not access, deploy or use the Services to:


Copy, distribute, rent, lease, lend, license, transfer or make derivative works of the Services or any related materials or use any of the foregoing on a service bureau or similar basis; 


Decompile, distill, jailbreak, subject to prompt injection or other adversarial attacks, reverse engineer, or disassemble the Services or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, model weights or other algorithmic parameters of the Services (including the third-party AI models used in the Services);


Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services or related systems;


Remove watermarks, metadata or other indicia intended to identify outputs as artificially generated or manipulated, or circumvent abuse protections or safety filters, whether Perplexity’s or those of a third party;


Create or make available any products or services competitive with, similar to, or that would otherwise be a substitute for the Services (or the third-party AI models used in the Services), except with Perplexity’s express prior written permission; or


Engage in any activity that interferes with, disrupts, damages or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks or other properties or services of Perplexity or any third party.



Respect our partners. The Services may use AI models provided by third parties. When using the Services, therefore, you must comply with those parties’ acceptable usage policies.



Exceptions. Perplexity, in its sole discretion, may grant educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic-based exceptions to this Policy, or where harms are outweighed by substantial benefits to the public.



Changes to This Policy. We may modify this Policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices, technology, legal requirements, or other factors. Your continued use of the Services following the posting or notice of any changes will mean you accept those changes.



By accessing, deploying or using the Services, you agree to comply with this Policy.  Subject to the terms of your agreement with Perplexity or authorized third-party distributor (as applicable), your failure to comply with this Policy may result in suspension or termination, or both, of the Services.
