source: https://policies.google.com/terms/generative-ai/use-policy

GENERATIVE AI PROHIBITED USE POLICY
Last Modified: December 17, 2024

Generative AI models can help you explore, learn, and create. We expect you to engage with them in a responsible, legal, and safe manner. The following restrictions apply to your interactions with generative AI in the Google products and services that refer to this policy.

Do not engage in dangerous or illegal activities, or otherwise violate applicable law or regulations. This includes generating or distributing content that:
Relates to child sexual abuse or exploitation.
Facilitates violent extremism or terrorism.
Facilitates non-consensual intimate imagery.
Facilitates self-harm.
Facilitates illegal activities or violations of law -- for example, providing instructions for synthesizing or accessing illegal or regulated substances, goods, or services.
Violates the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights -- for example, using personal data or biometrics without legally-required consent.
Tracks or monitors people without their consent.
Makes automated decisions that have a material detrimental impact on individual rights without human supervision in high-risk domains -- for example, in employment, healthcare, finance, legal, housing, insurance, or social welfare.
Do not compromise the security of others’ or Google’s services. This includes generating or distributing content that facilitates:
Spam, phishing, or malware.
Abuse of, harm to, interference with, or disruption to Google’s or others’ infrastructure or services.
Circumvention of abuse protections or safety filters -- for example, manipulating the model to contravene our policies.
Do not engage in sexually explicit, violent, hateful, or harmful activities. This includes generating or distributing content that facilitates:
Hatred or hate speech.
Harassment, bullying, intimidation, abuse, or the insulting of others.
Violence or the incitement of violence.
Sexually explicit content -- for example, content created for the purpose of pornography or sexual gratification.
Do not engage in misinformation, misrepresentation, or misleading activities. This includes:
Frauds, scams, or other deceptive actions.
Impersonating an individual (living or dead) without explicit disclosure, in order to deceive.
Facilitating misleading claims of expertise or capability in sensitive areas -- for example in health, finance, government services, or the law, in order to deceive.
Facilitating misleading claims related to governmental or democratic processes or harmful health practices, in order to deceive.
Misrepresenting the provenance of generated content by claiming it was created solely by a human, in order to deceive.

We may make exceptions to these policies based on educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic considerations, or where harms are outweighed by substantial benefits to the public.